Added info about LicenseManager.ReleaseLicense() (#189)
RWS/studio-api-docs: apiconcepts/releasenotes/tradosstudio2022sr2.md

Release Notes for <Var:ProductNameWithEdition> SR2
===================

> # Added API licensing support for subscription

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Added API licensing support for subscriptions
```

> Project automation API calls that require a license can now be used in standalone apps if <Var:ProductName> is licensed via subscription, in addition to the already supported scenarios when <Var:ProductName> is licensed with a standalone license key or network server license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Project automation API calls that require a license are now accessible in standalone apps provided that <Var:ProductName> is licensed though a subscription. This complements the existing supported scenarios where <Var:ProductName> is licensed through a standalone license key or network server license.
```

> [!NOTE]
>

> > Starting with <Var:ProductNameWithEdition> SR2, if you are building a standalone application that consumes Project Automation APIs that require a license, you must call `LicenseManager.ReleaseLicense()` before the application exits. See [Project Automation Overview](../projectautomation/overview.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting with <Var:ProductNameWithEdition> SR2, when developing a standalone application using Project Automation APIs that require a license, make sure to call `LicenseManager.ReleaseLicense()` before the application exits. See [Project Automation Overview](../projectautomation/overview.md) for more details.
```
